docs(EventHubs, ServiceBus): Add example (#1396)
testcontainers/testcontainers-dotnet: docs/modules/eventhubs.md

# Azure Event Hubs

> Azure [Event Hubs](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/event-hubs/overview-emulator) emulator⁠ is designed to offer a local development experience for Azure Event Hubs⁠, enabling you to develop and test code against our services in isolation, free from cloud interference.

Author: ```suggestion
Azure [Event Hubs](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/event-hubs/overview-emulator) emulator⁠ is designed to offer a local development experience for Azure Event Hubs⁠, enabling you to develop and test code against the service in isolation, free from cloud interference.
```
